[3.11] gh-103921: Improve typing documentation (GH-104642) (#105007)
python/cpython: Doc/library/typing.rst

   >>> Z[int, [dict, float]]
   __main__.Z[int, (<class 'dict'>, <class 'float'>)]

> Another difference between :class:`TypeVar` and :class:`ParamSpec` is that a
> generic with only one parameter specification variable will accept

Reviewer: Not sure this needs to be changed in 3.11. The reason why we changed it in 3.12+ was because we added another paragraph immediately preceding this one, which broke the flow; starting the paragraph with "Furthermore" didn't work anymore. But in 3.11, we're not adding the new paragraph, so "Furthermore" works fine, and is more concise. I'd revert this change:

```suggestion
Furthermore, a generic with only one parameter specification variable will accept
```

   Note the use of the unpacking operator ``*`` in ``tuple[T, *Ts]``.
   Conceptually, you can think of ``Ts`` as a tuple of type variables
   ``(T1, T2, ...)``. ``tuple[T, *Ts]`` would then become
   ``tuple[T, *(T1, T2, ...)]``, which is equivalent to
   ``tuple[T, T1, T2, ...]``. (Note that in older versions of Python, you might
   see this written using :data:`Unpack <Unpack>` instead, as
   ``Unpack[Ts]``.)

   Type variable tuples must *always* be unpacked. This helps distinguish type
   variable tuples from normal type variables::

      x: Ts          # Not valid
      x: tuple[Ts]   # Not valid
      x: tuple[*Ts]  # The correct way to do it

   Type variable tuples can be used in the same contexts as normal type
   variables. For example, in class definitions, arguments, and return types::

      Shape = TypeVarTuple("Shape")
      class Array(Generic[*Shape]):
          def __getitem__(self, key: tuple[*Shape]) -> float: ...
          def __abs__(self) -> "Array[*Shape]": ...
          def get_shape(self) -> tuple[*Shape]: ...

   Type variable tuples can be happily combined with normal type variables::

      DType = TypeVar('DType')

>       class Array[DType, *Shape]:  # This is fine

Reviewer: Some PEP-695 syntax has slipped in here, and in another place

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      class Array(Generic[DType, *Shape]):  # This is fine
```

Author: I only see this one and the one right below it, are there others?

Reviewer: Yeah I think that's all 👍

Author: Thanks, fixed both of those

          pass

>       class Array2[*Shape, DType]:  # This would also be fine

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      class Array2(Generic[*Shape, DType]):  # This would also be fine
```

      y = print_capitalized(StringSubclass('another string'))
      reveal_type(y)  # revealed type is StringSubclass

      z = print_capitalized(45)  # error: int is not a subtype of str

   Type variables can be bound to concrete types, abstract types (ABCs or
   protocols), and even unions of types::

      U = TypeVar('U', bound=str|bytes)  # Can be any subtype of the union str|bytes
      V = TypeVar('V', bound=SupportsAbs)  # Can be anything with an __abs__ method

   .. _typing-constrained-typevar:

   Using a *constrained* type variable, however, means that the ``TypeVar``
   can only ever be solved as being exactly one of the constraints given::

      a = concatenate('one', 'two')
      reveal_type(a)  # revealed type is str

      b = concatenate(StringSubclass('one'), StringSubclass('two'))
      reveal_type(b)  # revealed type is str, despite StringSubclass being passed in

      c = concatenate('one', b'two')  # error: type variable 'A' can be either str or bytes in a function call, but not both

   At runtime, ``isinstance(x, T)`` will raise :exc:`TypeError`.

   .. attribute:: __name__

      The name of the type variable.

   .. attribute:: __covariant__

>       Whether the type var has been explicitly marked as covariant.

Reviewer: Since there's no such thing as implicit {co,contra,in}variance on 3.11:

```suggestion
      Whether the type var has been marked as covariant.
```

   .. attribute:: __contravariant__

>       Whether the type var has been explicitly marked as contravariant.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      Whether the type var has been marked as contravariant.
```

      # Return value is ('spam', 3.0, 1), which has type tuple[str, float, int]
      move_first_element_to_last(tup=(1, 'spam', 3.0))

      # This fails to type check (and fails at runtime)
      # because tuple[()] is not compatible with tuple[T, *Ts]
      # (at least one element is required)
      move_first_element_to_last(tup=())

   Note the use of the unpacking operator ``*`` in ``tuple[T, *Ts]``.
   Conceptually, you can think of ``Ts`` as a tuple of type variables
   ``(T1, T2, ...)``. ``tuple[T, *Ts]`` would then become
   ``tuple[T, *(T1, T2, ...)]``, which is equivalent to
   ``tuple[T, T1, T2, ...]``. (Note that in older versions of Python, you might
   see this written using :data:`Unpack <Unpack>` instead, as
   ``Unpack[Ts]``.)

   Type variable tuples must *always* be unpacked. This helps distinguish type
   variable tuples from normal type variables::

      x: Ts          # Not valid
      x: tuple[Ts]   # Not valid
      x: tuple[*Ts]  # The correct way to do it

   Type variable tuples can be used in the same contexts as normal type
   variables. For example, in class definitions, arguments, and return types::

>       class Array(Generic[*Shape]):

Reviewer: What is this, 3.12? :p

The `Shape` TypeVarTuple is now undefined here, with your changes:

```suggestion
      Shape = TypeVarTuple("Shape")
      class Array(Generic[*Shape]):
```

          def __getitem__(self, key: tuple[*Shape]) -> float: ...
          def __abs__(self) -> "Array[*Shape]": ...
          def get_shape(self) -> tuple[*Shape]: ...

   Type variable tuples can be happily combined with normal type variables::

      DType = TypeVar('DType')

      class Array[DType, *Shape]:  # This is fine
          pass

      class Array2[*Shape, DType]:  # This would also be fine
          pass

      float_array_1d: Array[float, Height] = Array()     # Totally fine
      int_array_2d: Array[int, Height, Width] = Array()  # Yup, fine too

   However, note that at most one type variable tuple may appear in a single
   list of type arguments or type parameters::

>       x: tuple[*Ts, *Ts]            # Not valid
>       class Array(Generic[*Shape, *Shape]):  # Not valid

Reviewer: These comments are aligned in the current version of the 3.11 docs, and it looks more attractive that way

```suggestion
      x: tuple[*Ts, *Ts]                     # Not valid
      class Array(Generic[*Shape, *Shape]):  # Not valid
```
